feat: add analytics-ma-browser package (#215)
amplitude/Amplitude-TypeScript: packages/analytics-ma-browser/README.md

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://amplitude.com" target="_blank" align="center">
    <img src="https://static.amplitude.com/lightning/46c85bfd91905de8047f1ee65c7c93d6fa9ee6ea/static/media/amplitude-logo-with-text.4fb9e463.svg" width="280">
  </a>
  <br />
</p>

# @amplitude/analytics-ma-browser

Official Amplitude SDK for Web and Marketing Analytics

## Installation

> To get started with using Amplitude Browser SDK, install the package to your project via NPM or script loader.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started with using <insert new name here>, install the package to your project via NPM or script loader.
```

amplitude.init("YOUR_API_KEY_HERE");
</script>
```
<!-- / OF README_SNIPPET_BLOCK -->

## Usage

### Initializing SDK

Initialization is necessary before any instrumentation is done. The API key for your Amplitude project is required.

```typescript
amplitude.init(API_KEY);

// Config web attribution and auto page view tracking
amplitude.init(API_KEY, USER_ID, {
  // Config web attribution
  attribution: {
    resetSessionOnNewCampaign: true;
  },

  // Enable auto page view tracking
  trackPageViews: {
    trackOn: 'attribution',
  }
});
```

### Tracking an Event

Events represent how users interact with your application. For example, "Button Clicked" may be an action you want to note.

```typescript

> import { track } from '@amplitude/analytics-browser';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { track } from '@amplitude/<insert new name here>';
```

// Track a basic event
track('Button Clicked');

// Track events with additional properties
const eventProperties = {
  selectedColors: ['red', 'blue'],
};
track('Button Clicked', eventProperties);
```

### User Properties

User properties help you understand your users at the time they performed some action within your app such as their device details, their preferences, or language.

```typescript

> import { Identify, identify } from '@amplitude/analytics-browser';

Reviewer: same here and for the rest

Reviewer: not sure if we should have all of these examples or just send them to dev docs 🤔
